Refactoring/376 update to poetry v2 (#394)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

# Unreleased

## Summary

> From exasol-toolbox version ``1.0.0`` the default behavior for ``.github/actions/python-environment/action.yml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In exasol-toolbox version `1.0.0` and higher the default behavior for `.github/actions/python-environment/action.yml`
```

> * [#372](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/372): Added conversion from pip-audit JSON to expected GitHub Issue format

Author: Should add summary of changes at top with any additional usage changes, particularly for different poetry versions
Breaking change
